configs: fix panic on invalid removed.from with destroy provisioner (#4321)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed TRACESTATE log message incorrectly printing the TRACEPARENT value instead. ([#4168](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4168))
- Fix rendering of plans where a nested block's replacement is unknown. ([#4256](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4256))
- `errored.tfstate` is now produced during a go runtime panic. This file will be a partial state and is intended for aiding in recovery from a hard crash. ([#4064](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4064))

> - `removed` blocks with an invalid `from` address and a destroy provisioner now report a configuration error instead of crashing. ([#4319](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4319))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `removed` blocks with an invalid `from` address and a destroy provisioner now report a configuration error instead of crashing. ([#4321](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4321))
```
